Add properties to tutorial (#5221)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/property-filter.md

![PostHog Property Filter](../images/tutorials/property-filter/property-filter-tutorial-2.png)

## The full list of GeoIP properties

...at time of writing are

* $geoip_city_name
* $geoip_country_name
* $geoip_country_code
* $geoip_continent_name
* $geoip_continent_code
* $geoip_postal_code
* $geoip_latitude
* $geoip_longitude
* $geoip_time_zone
* $geoip_subdivision_1_name
* $geoip_subdivision_1_code
* $geoip_subdivision_2_name
* $geoip_subdivision_2_code
* $geoip_subdivision_3_code
* $geoip_subdivision_3_name

You can [check the current list in the source code for the app.](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-plugin-geoip)

> ## A working example

Reviewer: .. since you're at it, can we also add removing a `$set` person property?

So we can avoid this in the future: https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-plugin-geoip/pull/19

Basically, `$set.$geoip_city_name` removes the city name from `$set` properties.

Author: I _think_ I've got that 🙈

Reviewer: lovely, thanks!

![PostHog Property Filter](../images/tutorials/property-filter/property-filter-tutorial-2.png)

## The full list of GeoIP properties

...at time of writing are

* $geoip_city_name
* $geoip_country_name
* $geoip_country_code
* $geoip_continent_name
* $geoip_continent_code
* $geoip_postal_code
* $geoip_latitude
* $geoip_longitude
* $geoip_time_zone
* $geoip_subdivision_1_name
* $geoip_subdivision_1_code
* $geoip_subdivision_2_name
* $geoip_subdivision_2_code
* $geoip_subdivision_3_code
* $geoip_subdivision_3_name

You can [check the current list in the source code for the app.](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-plugin-geoip)

## Event and Person properties

The GeoIP app sets [person properties using `$set` and `$set_once`](https://posthog.com/docs/integrate/user-properties). If you want to drop those properties prefix the geoip property name with either `$set` or `$set_once`.

For example to ensure `$geoip_cityname` is _never_ stored on either events or persons you would configure:

* $geoip_city_name (the event property)
* $set.$geoip_city_name (the person proprty)

> * $setonce.$initial_geoip_city_name (the initial and never updated person property)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* $set_once.$initial_geoip_city_name (the initial and never updated person property)
```
